#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
bcrypt==4.2.0
    # via paramiko
boto3==1.17.52
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sagemaker-containers
botocore==1.20.112
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   flask
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==39.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   paramiko
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dask==2022.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask-cuda
    #   distributed
dask-cuda==22.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
distributed==2022.11.1
    # via dask-cuda
enum-compat==0.0.3
    # via model-archiver
flask==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sagemaker-containers
fonttools==4.54.1
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2024.9.0
    # via dask
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   model-archiver
    #   multi-model-server
gevent==23.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sagemaker-containers
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via gevent
gunicorn==19.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sagemaker-containers
idna==3.10
    # via requests
importlib-resources==6.4.5
    # via matplotlib
inotify-simple==1.2.1
    # via sagemaker-containers
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
    #   flask
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
llvmlite==0.43.0
    # via numba
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   partd
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
model-archiver==1.0.3
    # via multi-model-server
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via distributed
multi-model-server==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
numba==0.60.0
    # via dask-cuda
numpy==1.24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   dask-cuda
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   sagemaker-containers
    #   sagemaker-inference
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   matplotlib
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask-cuda
paramiko==3.5.0
    # via sagemaker-containers
partd==1.4.2
    # via dask
pillow==9.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   multi-model-server
protobuf==3.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sagemaker-containers
psutil==5.6.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
    #   multi-model-server
    #   sagemaker-containers
    #   sagemaker-inference
pyarrow==14.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pynvml==11.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask-cuda
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   distributed
requests==2.29.0
    # via -r requirements.in
retrying==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sagemaker-containers
    #   sagemaker-inference
s3transfer==0.3.7
    # via boto3
sagemaker-containers==2.8.6.post2
    # via -r requirements.in
sagemaker-inference==1.5.5
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sagemaker-containers
    #   sagemaker-inference
    #   scikit-learn
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
    #   sagemaker-containers
    #   sagemaker-inference
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
tblib==3.0.0
    # via distributed
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
toolz==1.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   partd
tornado==6.1
    # via distributed
typing==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sagemaker-containers
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   distributed
    #   requests
werkzeug==0.15.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   sagemaker-containers
wheel==0.36.2
    # via -r requirements.in
zict==3.0.0
    # via
    #   dask-cuda
    #   distributed
zipp==3.20.2
    # via importlib-resources
zope-event==5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==7.0.3
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
